hi this is Scott Brenly internet manager
with Midland ford lincoln mercury and
this is stock number you see 99 52 so
our 2005 focus wagon as you can see it
is bronze in color it does have steel
wheels with plastic covers it's got the
luggage rack on top with black plastic
side view mirrors and handles she work
your way around the front of the vehicle
you'll see it's in good shape it's got
the four-cylinder motor so you're going
to get great gas mileage with this car
as we move around to the driver's side
door you'll see it's got power windows
locks mirrors got cruise control and
radio controls on the steering wheel cut
am FM CD player air conditioning
automatic transmission see it does have
the tan cloth seats it's got manual
driver and passenger as you take a look
at the inside in the back you've got
your split folding bench seat does have
your vanity cover to cover up your cargo
area you as you can see there's lots of
room here in the back as you move around
to the rear of the vehicle and pop the
hatch
you'll see that the back cargo area has
got plenty of room for luggage golf bags
hunting equipment anything else you
might be using this vehicle for to set
up a test drive on this 2005 zxw focus
wagon simply get myself Scott brynlee a
collar area code 98 96 98 42 42 getting
that's 98 96 98 42 42